There are so many. Really...what should I do?
What should I do?
Hi, Ryota. What are you doing?
A teacher asked me to make a video
introducing the department for the open campus.
Hello.
Yes, come in.
You wanted to see me, professor?
Tamura-san. Sorry to bother you. Sit down.
It was straightforward to understand,
and people gave me positive feedback
about the video Tamura-san made in the last class.
Thank you.
Actually, at the upcoming open campus,
I was asked to make a video introducing the department
for high school students.
Could you please make that video, Tamura-san?
It would be better for you to make the video from the student’s perspective,
which would interest high school students. What do you think?
I’ll pay you for it so please do this favor for me.
Yes. If I can be of any help.
Thanks! This is the material.
Something like that.
An open campus. I was here when I was in high school.
I think it was helpful for me to decide my career path.
Of course, there are content instructions.
However, most of the contents are excerpts from class materials.
I heard that some of the content is not allowed to be shown
as is due to copyright issues.
I see. Copyrights! I heard that using copyrighted materials
in classes is becoming more straightforward.
I think it’s the limitation of rights.
It’s not used in a class for high school students,
so it will change how we use it.
That’s right. It’s more complicated than I thought it would be...
but it’ll be helpful for a student’s career path. I have to do it, right?
The professor asked me to do this as a casual request,
but it’s quite complicated.
Come to think of it, Aoi you’re good at drawing illustrations, right?
Can you help me out a little?
Sure! What should I draw and how?
I can help you if you want.
Thank you both. You’re a big help!
I want to explain now. Do you have time?